my dear and now we are coming
neither transform and I wanted you 90
in full of chambers and this
is called or on the lotus chamber and you
Looks a bit like now
An old flower is in the country
then please have a bit pink
Taken from the actual get
partner and looks funny must be
The flower is somehow cool
ok look what can happen yes
first the animation and then watch
the Amazon
Let's have a look , we too
this bit changed the eyes
Although they already have but they have one
a little bit changed because just look
Here you see a little pink
There comes a small pimpf strike
us on it
Here you see a Peter Stratmann
a field frankfurt the shield she has
a little bit changes too
small flowers around it a golden one
Ball with little flowers is the crew
a bit roland even if
any flowers say explode
small flowers so to speak and for that
has not changed too much now
I have a little bit different but it
everything looks a bit different and
it's a bit bigger
The ground is pink and that was already
always wanted to introduce you look
already briefly the port board animations
on
and then I want to say we're out
the